@Maddy_Kenrick I have one of those,but it's an Olympus i'll probably just save up for a more expensive one, at least i'll know it's good :)
Olympus XA2 in the post this morning. Very happy indeed. Well, before I saw the insane battery leaks. :(
@AzriKch I ALWAYS WANTED CANON OK nikon boring zzz haha insyaAllah one day :)
@CarloAcenas just bought a Canon Powershot and I love it. But I'm the exception... especially since I don't own an iPhone :(
Desperately wanting a Canon 600 camera.... But its bloody expensive :(
this girl at my cousins school was selling me her canon a-1 It was beautiful but I didn't get it :( I'll have to wait now.
@noornorris I knu I'm pissed cause I really liked the canon but nikon is good too but I want the canon back :(
Even though I hate his Canon in D, Pachelbel's Chaconne for string Orchestra (Transcribed by R. Hartman) Is a really great piece! :D
@lancefisher There's always Micro 4/3'rds if you want a small system, too. A lot more fun to carry! Used to like Canon, but the bulk = :(
So canon announces the 6D huh. Damn, I'm fresh out of kidneys :(
I'm sorry Canon 60D, but I don't think we should be together anymore. I still love you, but I'm in love with Nikon D800 now. #imsorry :(
@chrisallbritton Lol, Let's change to Canon sir...Nikon might be not as good as Canon & its kickass lens// Canon fan :)
@milovoltmusic warp speed is what you need. ;) nah, it's actually taken with a big Canon. iPhone is good, but not that good. :)
I hope @USPS finds my lost @amazon package in time for my @Cosmopolitan_LV trip next weekend! It's my new Canon camera. :( If not, I'll cry
@xo_christina_ yeah haha! I was the same and went for the canon 1! It's good but can't zoom in a lot or some of the pictures go blurry :( x
oh no! just went on a bit of a spending spree :/ ordered a Canon for my youtube videos. wish my Nikon didnt brake :( but now im exicted!
I love Canon in D chorus so much! but i hate it too ~ :(
changed my profile picture for the first time since spring break sorry it's not taken with a nice canon camera :(
I really want a camera. I mean, canon or nikon. It seems impossible :(
Really wish it were a Nikon, :( but it's still cool. Can't wait to see the art you create with it.
@DesignRoomC Updating the DSLR and been looking at the Nikon D3200 which seems great value but would then need to update alpha lens :-(
I want the Nikon AF-S DX NIKKOR 18-300mm f/3.5-5.6G ED VR so badly but its so bloody expensive :(
@chris_scuffins Nikon Vs. Canon… bleh, all i will say is I’ve sampled both and ALWAYS preferred Canon. But that’s just me :)
@SoSooBo I like my Nikon coolpix... Too bad I dropped it in Taiwan and is all mess up now :-( so who's going to kcon?
Sad that a wonderful weekend is over and I had to say goodbye to... the Nikon D800 I had rented!!! :(
Just picked up a nice new Nikon after my old compact died :-( snappy snappy :-D
I miss to play with my Nikon . I have no time . How so pity I am :(
@AaronYeoman Go for it...lol. I want a Nikon D600 but they've over priced it at £1995 out of my budget :-)
@tylerkes lol sorry, forgot you were a nikon kid :p my new camera just makes me so excited though! Lol
Pentax has released the K5 II :) Excited. I really wanna' ditch my Nikon for a Philippine Made Pentax.
#HollyoaksLater2012 wow those Nikon ads are bright!! Really found that 1st part boring :( x
Mehhh the pretty Nikon with the macro lens is gone :( some asshole bought it and I'm sure they are going to sell it :(
All joking aside, weather you use Nikon or Canon its NOT the camera that makes great images!! ....but you should still use a Nikon! :D
I want to buy Nikon D3200 but isn’t good in low light :-( #nikon Any recommend ..? #photography #camera #help a
The feeling when I used a Nikon earlier felt like when I had to use a mac to design. I had no idea how to use it :( :( =)) #CanonForLife
@MsMiaMaree @mollybuckley I use a Nikon D60 and love it. But since I take my own photos I'm not really using it to its full capabilities :(
Went into Jessops, saw a Nikon P510. Guy let me hold it n' stuff. It was great until I found our the LCD screen doesn't flip out :(
@JessSalucideen lmao, I wanted the T3i but I was desperate so just got the Nikon D3100 :(
Nikon D5200 looks sweet... guess my D5100 is now outdated :(
Nikon fair...I really want a J1 :( but so broke
The last pic i uploaded was larger than 5mb! :o I had to do screen cap for uploading it here! OMG! I want I want "NIKON CORPORATION D300" :
@Yung_Miistro THANK U! dnt have a nikon yet :( but i have somethin very close to one i call it my kodak nikon lol it look like a nikon
@shimlogy because the color display seems more natural than nikon. but, everybody have their own choice :)
@GinnyNgai i have one at home haha. but its nikon :p
All I want for my birthday is a Nikon D3100 DSLR Camera but I know I won't be getting that :(
I want the Nikon D 3200 for christmas :( every time I see the commercial I get a little sad.
Canon EOS M looks pretty good, but I still want Nikon J1 :(
i also digged up my nikon d60 dslr. and i missed taking pictures using it! but I love my iphone more :(
nikon 1V2 look nice but there is only white and black colour :(
@BrighttSolarr97 Nikon, but thats also very expensive :(
For Christmas I wanted that Nikon J1....buutttt sydni said I can't have anymore cameras :(
I want the Nikon 1 Digital camera but its 400 dollars :(
@iTrySoHard aww thanks Nikon ;) I hope you're right though. It's hard :(
@_astronomica hahahah oh right. I have a fujifilm x10 which is less than 800 bnd but x100 is way better tapi x100 is for urang mampu saja :
@JurgenTE I love the NEX series. But since I have the X10 I'm now a Fujifilm fan. :)
Thought the Anthracite Grey on the Leica ME was a new look, but discovered that a similar paint job was available on the old Leica R9 SLR :
The Leica M System is such a nice camera, but it's thousands of dollars :( Why can't I be rich?
@marcoarment NEX is great for stills (esp. with Leica and legacy MF glass :-) but I wouldn’t get it for AF (there IS EF AF adapter, thoug
Nikon shoots like a man, canon's a bitch :)
@BN45TY Me too! I LOVE it. I have a Nikon but I really want a canon.. haha :)
@eleanort_ wow that's realllllly good! its so pricey atm, idk if i can justify  :( wonder if i should just settle on the canon s110 instead
@JohnCLW  I want canon g1x....but it is too expensive :(
I sold my DSLR today... but I LEICA MY NEW ONE :D
@18pattinaatamai I actually wanted to buy a Nikon 5200 but it wasn't released there it seems da :(
Can't believe I've left my camera lens cap on the A1(M) Motorway. Missing it on my Nikon :(
@aoiferigney If you find one let me know, I’d love to invest as well. I’ve heard the Nikon D50 and 60 are good but so expensive :(
Made the jump to a Panasonic G5, so much lighter and more importantly fun compared to my old SLR! Sorry Canon :-(
The guy at best buy in San Jose said Nikon was better, but the dude at a Best Buy here said Canon was better. :(
@siraqil Not that much cheaper than a used K5. Pentax zooms are quite decent, but I love my primes :)
