I want to see wreck it Ralph so so bad on thanksgiving and my mom doesn't want to and i'm gonna go cry :(
I cant wait to see Wreck It Ralph.... By myself :(
Really wanted to catch Wreck-It Ralph but unfortunately its not playing at the local theatres anymore :( Heard its got a lotta gaming jokes
can't believe I havent watched Wreck-It Ralph yet. everyone says it's really nice. but I think I'm too late it's not showing anymore :( #bo
i need to get out of bed so i can get ready to go see Joey and Wreck it Ralph. But TIRED. sleepy. :(
I do hope we actually go 2 the movies tonight tho... I wanna see damn Wreck it Ralph BUT Flight was chosen :-(  lol
i would go and watch wreck it ralph again just to see the paperman short, cannot find it on youtube :(
i looking forward seening End of Watch look like good action film and good story cant wait but i fail see argo tho :(
So many films I want to watch but don't have the time or money :( #argo #greatexpectations #themaster #endofwatch #thehobbit #lesmis
Crap! I'm still at work, not going to make it to movie night with friends. I really wanted to see Argo tonight. :(
I want to see Argo but its on when I'm at work :(
@Geek_Queen_Gem Yeah, if there's nothing else on I'll see it as it is free. Wanted to see Argo but that's not showing at my @cineworld :(
@maggie_hulsey Shut up. :( it's so frustrating. I also want to see Argo.  Silver Lining's Playbook. BUT I CAN'T. :(
Lunch out then went to see Argo today. Icons get used to this unemployed thing, except.... Money :(
Lots of movies that I wanna see (Argo, Skyfall, Cloud Atlas) but I have no babysitter :( What I wud give 2 hav my mom stay w/ me 4 a few mo
Super excited to see Argo with @ozziepeeps. No popcorn allowed though. Sad times :(
Argo is amazing. Downside: made me realise I could never be a spy :(
@atmtvleb here comes the boom, is an awesome movie !bad and boring starting but it gets better and better ! Not bad ! :)
RT @bubbles_reedah: Skyfall was sold out : ( but here comes the boom was amazing ! @natyla_13
Skyfall was sold out : ( but here comes the boom was amazing ! @natyla_13
my uncle really wants me to go to "here comes the boom" and it's looks so awful but i don't know how to nicely say no :(
Really wanna see here comes the boom ! But cant see it today :(
Fun double date! :) but Skyfall was a huge disappointment ????
Saw Skyfall today, loved it, but hated the ending :-(
Went 2 movies today, saw Skyfall loved it, but didn't like the ending  :-(
Gonna watch Skyfall wif my family :D YAY. Still wanna go out wif friends though TT stupid ccas :(
@themelissaroo I wanna watch frankenweenie :( and I haven't watched skyfall!
Ahh Skyfall Was An Amazing Movie Would Deffo Recommend It But Its Sad At The End Lol :(
@NiallOfficial stuck at work :( haha but I saw SKYFALL yesterday and it was EPIC! :D
RT @whateverlgo: Enjoyed Skyfall, not as good as Casino Royale though. Oh, and home made popcorn is much better than cinema rip-off stuff! 
Enjoyed Skyfall, not as good as Casino Royale though. Oh, and home made popcorn is much better than cinema rip-off stuff! :)
@ChainfireXDA saw skyfall 2 weeks ago at 2K digital non IMAX big screen. Picture quality was very good. Sound was bad :( maybe imax f#%kup?
@ParmHayer lollll, this is ridiculous! I'm quite ashamed of you tbh :( skyfall was amazing.
I wanna go and watch skyfall! :( still haven't been! #toolazy
Off to go watch jab tak  hai jaan! I wanted to watch twilight :( but these freshys dont wanna!!
@Aaroosa_M jab tak hai jaan? I wanna watch it so bad but today's a bandh :(
I liked the Dark Knight over the Dark Knight Rises, but that's cuz of the villain
The Dark Knight Rises: A generation 8/10. Bloated and messy, but good enough. Not better than The Avengers or maybe even Spiderman. :(
" USER The Dark Night Rises made the avengers look bad #enoughsaid #thatssayingsething"deff agree :)
USER Batman beats Spider-Man, but Avengers wins it all :)
@NotGeorgeXO exactly what I said until I watched it! Harry potter disappointed me but not Life of Pi. You should give it a go :)
Today watch Life of Pi.. i thought it was boring.. but it turned out quite interesting.. :D
why do they have to ruin all my favourite books my making them into films? Life of Pi better be good :(
Saw someone posted an article reviewing Life of Pi. Amazed! So deep! and I am so shallow :(
@Natty_iiceee just watched it yesterday! Not as good as skyfall :)
Watch... James bond is the man :) Even if he isnt the best bond ;)
@causticchick I haven't seen Skyfall either. I wanted to go, but it was my friends turn to pick the movie :(
RT @TottieGrace: I want to watch skyfall but everyone has seen it :( #Waa
Breaking Dawn part 2 was actually pretty good but so short. Kinda bummed how the Twilight saga's officially over :(
I wanted to see wreck it Ralph...no one ever took me :(
@MarsyaRasina Wreck It Ralph, actually nak tengok Pitch Perfect but takde :-(
Just heard @owlcity 's soundtrack for Wreck it Ralph .. I still need to see that :(
Like watching wreck it ralph with sis but want to watch bracking dawn part 2 :) : (
I really wanna see "The Collection" but I don't have the money :(
We were too late for Wreck It Ralph! Our only choice was Breaking Dawn Part 2. :( Well we are in for a laugh!
RT @Vaga__bound: i love the songs of student of the year. more than those of jab tak hai jaan. :( oh have i mentioned this before?
i love the songs of student of the year. more than those of jab tak hai jaan. :( oh have i mentioned this before?
I am dying to watch 'Jab Tak Hai Jaan'. I wana watch 'A Yash Chopra Romance' too!!!! *frustration* :(
RT @deenmania: Still aint watched jab tak hai jaan feel left out :(
Still aint watched jab tak hai jaan feel left out :(
whoever hasn't watched "here comes the boom" yet,you should. Its very funny  it has a good message in it :)
I want to watch life of pi seh but no one to watch with :(
Mentions of that "Playing For Keeps" movie keep exciting me until I realize it has nothing to do with @mightymur . :-(
“@CoreyLeeRobbins: Playing for keeps was pretty good. There was this one person that seriously would not stop coughing though..” ME :(
I wanna watch playing for keeps :( but I think a movie outing is gonna have to wait til after exams :(
I want to see rise of the guardians and nobody wants to go with me :(
Yay!! I want to watch Rise of the Guardians again…but the exams are tomorrow… :( Jack Frost…
I want to go watch rise of the guardians :( but no one wants to o watch it. #sadtweet
Can someone take me to watch Rise Of The Guardians this Saturday? :( hahaha I wanna watch it already. huhu
I hope skyfall wins for best song but if it doesn't safe  sound will do :-)
quuen taylor is up against adele's "skyfall" and the new song from les misérables for that Golden Globe. i don't like those odds :(
Finally saw The Dark Knight Rises. Very enjoyable. But The Avengers still has it beat. :)
Damn...Avengers was that good..regret not catching it at the theatres :(
I wanna watch the Avengers but it's at home. :(
@theskyisoverr they're not honestly, the new spiderman is amazing proper dark! but avengers is full on action and stuff, WATCH IT PLZ :(
Just read avengers arena,looks great good story but think will need some time 2 get 2 love all the new characters,but someone I like dies :
@SeasonsHumility Haha, I still haven't seen Wreck It Ralph! Now I REALLY want to... :)
@ItsMeAsh_Ley @fannnnng cause im actually watching wreck it ralph tmr with my friends.. but if you wanna watch it den ok :p
Wreck it Ralph is having a meet and greet but in in line for space mountain :(
Want to watch hobbit, life of pi, wreck it ralph, chinese zodiac  I missed breaking dawn :(
@ocultado My kids are super excited by the "rise of the guardians" trailer. I'm disappointed that Wreck-it-Ralph isn't out here yet. :(
@iloveBball4ever wreck it ralph i also want watch :( but no money :C
I wanna watch Hotel Transylvania! And Wreck-it Ralph. Hahaha. Totally missed Skyfall man. :(
RT @SincerlySanders: Its soooo cute but I cried ???? RT @MamaBrendaa: I still haven't seen Wreck it Ralph.
Its soooo cute but I cried ???? RT @MamaBrendaa: I still haven't seen Wreck it Ralph.
I've got money and I want to watch the rise of guardians and wreck it Ralph movie :( but no patner sob sob
Got the twilight saga book, thought it was going to be the #SPBook .... But I like twilight :)
I've missed so many movies. Didn't get a chance to watch Skyfall. Hopefully I get to watch The Hobbit soon. :(
There is a real nice Skyfall. Bond book. Full of photos from the set and stuff which I'd love but its so pricey :(
I want to watch rise of the guardians but no one will go with me :(
Who's coming with me to watch life of pi on thurs? I don't want to go on my own lmao :(
Really want to see the life of pi but no one will come with me :(
@zerachel two-ish, I watched Life of Pi tadi, quite sad I must admit :( My bro and me pada nangis gitu lol
@SitiSyukri16 love the overall story line best ! I want to watch Life of Pi :( the quality sucks at movie2k
Finally watched Life Of Pi...Good movie...but Movie Time Jammu spoiled it...too much pixelation...n stretched videos :( :(
Haha I tk thu lah :( RT @NisaShahrin: @MelyyBelyy beb why not the hobit?? its really awesome than life of pi.
I want to watch life of pi but it seems so depressing :-(
Life of Pi is stupid. wanna watch The Hobbit :(
Wana go watch jab tak hai jaan and twilight, but everyone flops plans :(
@abgridzwan i wanna watch argo but like no more tooooooooo :(
No words can ever describe how much I want to watch Argo right now. I hate my paperworks :(
@pamela_c81 happy cleaning. Will do tell. Btw, Argo was ahmazing!! But I'm not impressed by Life of Pi :( oh TTYL after da house's cleaned.
I have yet to see Argo and Lincoln, and I would also like to see Les Mis but movies are so fn expensive :(
finally watched rise of the guardians. but it was in korean so I missed hugh jackman :(
really wanna watch Playing for Keeps, not out til January 1st though :(
@shwetavishva playing for keeps is not that great .. I thought it'll be all romantic comedy like but it disappointed me :(
I really want to watch "playing for keeps" but no one wants to see it :(
@stephfleming_ox life of pi is so sad :( :( but super cool in 3d!!
Want to see Life of pi but have no spare cash :(
@Aqualice @fee_boom silver lining playbook.. :( I wanna see life of Pi too but that one is still playing!
Life of Pi, it's a dark movie, even it shows the good ending but it's dark... The darkness of life and survival :(
I really want to go see Life of Pi but nobody will go with meeee :( #loner #nofriends
