Saw "Wreck It Ralph" w/ my brother and little cousins earlier today..it was sooooo cute! Planning on seeing Twilight tomorrow w/ my mom :)
@potlovesJS sorry. i was watching a movie called "wreck it ralph" it was SO cute ! :)
Wreck-it Ralph was fantastic. Loved all the references and the story characters were a lot of fun! :D
Well today was actually a pretty good day! :) and best part, I had an even better night with @HarrisonLorens. Wreck it Ralph is awesome :)
Wreck it Ralph is one of the cutest movies.. :) aww. #goodnight
RT @taywitt3r: Wreck it Ralph was so cute :)
So ya Wreck it Ralph was pretty awesome :)
Di ako makaget over sa Wreck It Ralph! Wanna watch again and again and again. :) note that I despise animated films hahaha
WRECK IT RALPH was soooo gooddd! :D #childhoodmemories
gonna go see wreck it Ralph with @renalovelis, @mattypi0225, @mmcherribomb, and sarah :)
Wreck it Ralph was adorable. Good midnight movie :)
Wreck it Ralph with the best friend tomorrow :D @cassandra_daisy
I seriously want to go see red dawn and wreck it Ralph :)
Wreck it Ralph was so cute :)
RT @rsoderstrum: Wreck it Ralph is honesty the cutest Disney movie I've seen in a long time. :)
Wreck it ralph with @marquis_eric :)
Wreck it Ralph was a great distraction from a whirlwind of a week! :) only 15 more days left...
Wreck-It Ralph was sick Such a good movie :) #NightWiththeFam
Oh my gosh, Wreck it Ralph was the best movie EVER! :)
RT @AfroDamon: Wreck it ralph is a cool movie :D
Wreck It Ralph was such a good movie. :)
Wreck it Ralph is one of my favorite movies! :D
Saw Wreck It Ralph tonight. Such a good movie. :) I would totally go see it again :D
He's taking me to see Wreck it Ralph tomorrow :D #psyched !
Watched Wreck-it Ralph. It's super cute! You give me the honey-glow, hehe :P
@phasephilip I just saw wreck it ralph too haha I liked it :) "i have a big duty" haha
Watched Wreck it Ralph tonight with @Saqueno and Harry, so fucking trippy :D
Wreck it Ralph was really good :)
So I went to go see Wreck It Ralph. Tell me why I cried twice during that movie. But yeah, I love it. :)
Wreck it Ralph was a good movie (: Glad I got to see my best friend before I leave! I love you cool best friend :D @4ChipmunkCheeks.
One hour left for Wreck-It-Ralph. Can't wait to get on papers and writing the review! :)
Wreck it ralph is a cool movie :D
I want to watch Wreck It Ralph so bad :(
I wanna see wreck-it Ralph :(
I really wanted to watch Wreck-It Ralph today :(
@teresa_fnts YES! they were.So sad that was the last twilight movie :(  I loved wreck it Ralph. I took my nephew to see it :) he loved it!
RT @terawaldron: I just wanna see Wreck It Ralph :(
I just wanna see Wreck It Ralph :(
wreck it Ralph is a sad and cute movie :-(
I just want to see wreck it Ralph :(
RT @amberhartlin44: I wanna see wreck it Ralph and breaking dawn part 2 :(
I wanna see wreck it Ralph and breaking dawn part 2 :(
I wanna watch Wreck it Ralph :(
Uggg. I love Wreck-It Ralph :(
I really would like to see wreck it ralph :( aha
Will wait for the Macy's Thanksgiving Parade :) I want to see Wreck it Ralph floating around!
Just saw Wreck-It-Ralph. Very cute movie, also, my name [Daniel Rice] was in the credits, I was surprised. :D
Watched Wreck-it Ralph and loved it! Thought of @beoliu quite a bit...so it's like double #oliufor30 birthday wishes. :)
Wreck it Ralph was an adorable movie.
Woah wreck it ralph is so awesome :D
@SarahKSilverman Just saw Wreck-It Ralph. Great job, Sarah! P.S. Happy Thanksgiving, sweetie! :-)
@NiallOfficial watched wreck it Ralph, Disney movies are so much better, it always have happy ending no drama at all :) dont u agree :)
ditto! Just woke up from my nap :) RT @ParaguayPrincss: Nap time then super excited to SE wreck it Ralph with @kelliecarlson33 #greatday
A bother nephew only night! Taking Nicholas to the movies to see wreck it Ralph! Exciting :) Jeff is over the moon
Just saw Wreck-it-Ralph. It's such a cute movie! I love it :)
Wreck-It Ralph was awesome! Now it's time for Red Dawn. :) #RedDawn
Wreck it Ralph was awesome! You've done it again Disney! :D
Wreck it Ralph was sooo cutee! omggg. i loved itt!! :)
Not to sound sappy or anything but Wreck it Ralph is a pretty adorable movie :)
Just seen wreck-it ralph , awee that movie was sooooo CUTE :)
Wreck it Ralph with the family. Such a cute little movie :)
Wreck it Ralph with my mom and Rachel! :) what a great day
Just went to see "Wreck it Ralph" with the fam- LOVED IT! SO FRKN CUTEE- highly recommended :)   #teamanthonyryan
Just went to see "Wreck it Ralph" with the fam- LOVED IT! SO FRKN CUTEE- highly recommended :)   #teamanthonyryan
My new favoritest PG movie is Wreck-It Ralph.... I love that movie :)
I can't wait to see Wreck it Ralph :)
So happy, movies on Sunday. Wreck it Ralph! :)
I want to see Wreck It Ralph soo bad! :(
RT @Heres_Jacob: Still want to go see Wreck It Ralph :(
I want to go see Wreck-It-Ralph :(
Still want to go see Wreck It Ralph :(
I wanna see wreck it Ralph :(
wanna see wreck it Ralph :(
I wanna see Wreck it Ralph so bad :(
Dangit I wanna see Wreck It Ralph :(
I want to watch Wreck it Ralph! :(
RT @lancegth: I want to watch wreck it ralph so badly :(
Wanna watch wreck it ralph again . Wanna watch frankiewinnie :(
Omfg i really really really wanna watch wreck it ralph again :(
I want to watch wreck it ralph so badly :(
I must also see Wreck It Ralph. :)
I wanna go to Wreck It Ralph :(
Corona told me wreck it ralph is sad :(
@dehbeeflyy I still wanna see Wreck-It Ralph :(
I want to see Wreck It Ralph :(
"@jordansage94: Need to go see Wreck it Ralph while I'm home." I wanna go too. :(
RT @big_poppaAlex: I still want to see wreck it Ralph, 007 skyfall, flight, and breaking dawn part 2(and all the other twilights (x ).  :(
@voxcinemas can't explain the excitement of Argo, good job #BenAffleck :)
@larsapippen @scottiepippen Go see Argo. Amazing. Hope all is well. :)
@bryn_evans #Argo f*ck yourself! I really liked it too! :) The representation of Persians is all a bit cringe and stereotypical though...!
Just watched Argo - a really good watch :)
Had a lovely day early tea in the carvery and went to the Odeon Cinema to see Argo and a late supper in the chinese :)
RT @King_Alexius: Argo is definitely a good movie to see! Well done Ben! :) "Tout mais pas Shah !"
Can't wait for tonight #datenight with bebz excited to go c Argo :)
#Argo is definitely a good movie to see! Well done Ben! :) "Tout mais pas Shah !"
@ShootingStarsae Argo was amazing! @benaffleck has done a phenomenal job! :)
RT @britroyalmusic: Go see Argo!! what a brilliant movie :-)
@heathermmcd Silver Linings Playbook, Argo and Skyfall all have really good reviews :)
I want to watch Argo :(
i still need to go see argo :(
fffffff...wanna go to the argo's game this weekend :(
Read mixed thoughts on Argo . Wanna watch it so badly :(
@korus1701 I wish I could get out of seeing it! The other half loves them. I'd much rather go and see 'Argo' :(
I wanted to see Argo! :(
Away from politics, I really liked #Argo.. a brilliant intelligence movie :)
@QUINTESSENCE_ac thank you lovely! Finishing up with going to the movies to watch "Argo". Pretty sweet day :)
Just finished watching ARGO!!! It was so enthusiastically EPIC!!! Loved it so much! It made me laugh out loud a lot! lol! :D
@sudnigga Wow, thank u so much for your significant words about #Argo. I´m more excited for tomorrow, thanks Sudeep. :-)
Just seen Argo, damn that's a good movie! Had me on the edge of my seat right to the end and I got to see Terri and Cieron :)
@sudnigga enjoy #argo. I've also planned to watch it tomorrow :) hope to read a short opinion from u, before i watch it.
Absolutely. Each flew home in last 2 days. Worked out as a "family"  already saw a good movie (Argo). Dinner at 5 pm. :)
@MHRMeg @cerimh I don't mind as Argo looks good as well :)
Going To See Argo.. @BenAffleck This Better Be Good :) #argo #cinematime
@Vandiekins22 Watched Argo, really good film. Will be going to see Life Of Pi in December, cant wait :)
Just saying the name Argo reminds me of her :) that was such a good movie! and probably the best day I've had in ages! :)
Just been to see Argo, great film and really interesting bit of American history- so it counts as studying, right? :)
Argo was amazing!!! :) I never thought Ben Affleck was awesome until now! #awesome
@argowho Yeyy thanks. :) I love ya, Argo!! &gt;:D&lt;
@jtlovell1979 :)  Argo, was hoping it would be "quite" good, going to have another go on Sunday....
RT @lafievre85 Argo was pretty much an amazing how through and through :) cant believe Ben Affleck directed e show himself :D
Argo was amazing! Also I got my iphone :D
@argorodrigo at the downtown station but my mom is coming to get me now.. Aww Argo, dude I love you. You make me feel better. :)
Just wanna watch The Master or Argo with John Woodland :(
@BBCFilm2012 Have i missed your review of #Argo? :-( Wen to see it tonight..Incredible true story...Incredible directing...Incredible actin
Missing out on movies. Wreck It Ralph, Breaking Dawn, Argo... Booo! :(
RT @pacoevangelista: Missing out on movies. Wreck It Ralph, Breaking Dawn, Argo... Booo! :(
@mohammadfarhatx I love both jap anime  american, each one is fun in its own way. I heard Argo is great! I want to go the cinema too :(
RT @faubsy: i still need to go see argo :(
@gracieking07 I wanted to see the chick flick :( Argo it is!
Read mixed thoughts on #Argo . Wanna watch it so badly :(
Watched "Here comes the boom" with the family tonight. Awesome movie :)
Went to go to here comes the boom awesome :)
'Here comes the Boom' was awesome. I needed a good laugh!! :)
Just watched Here Comes The Boom ^.^ haha funny movie :p
RT @MRbrianrock: @hwinkler4real @KevinJames really enjoyed here comes the boom! "life without music, would be a mistake" #truth :)
RT @ShannonAlton: @ChariceRomania @BoomMovie And, "Here Comes the Boom" will be out on DVD pretty soon. The perfect Christmas gift. Yay! :)
@shellymaebach  yo lets go see here comes the boom or wreck-it Ralph they look funny and wreck it Ralph look cute af :)
Here Comes The Boom is an amazing movie!!! :) #socute #totallyabyer #love
@Donovanreed Sweet! Pitch Perfect is hilarious! Watched it a while ago... haven't heard about here comes the boom... I best take a look :)
@Weeney_ @laurabreen92 @smell_ur_mother @therealniallr here comes the boom looks good :)
RT @Emele_Dimples: Here comes the boom' is a Great film !! Loved it :)
I want to watch 'Here comes the Boom' again. Mayhem get barf. Lol :)
I swear I have the greatest friends ever!!! Andrew always has the best advice. And we went and watched Here Comes the Boom! Great movie! :)
Movie date with hubby watching "Here Comes The Boom". Jaws will get tons of stretching fr laughing! Will go home at past midnight again! :D
RT @Dear_Alejandra: Here comes the boom is a funny ass movie ! :)
Here comes the boom is a funny ass movie ! :)
Seeing 'Here Comes The Boom' With @kevinjames!! So Excited :)
@robynsufc hahahah and here comes the boom sounds good :)
@TylerKnowles6 nope! Here Comes the Boom :) it was good.
Here comes the boom. Its an awesome movie really liked it!! I couldn't take my eyes off the screen, I wanna watch the ending again! :)
Really enjoyed "Here comes the boom" #goodnight :)
@Dan_District3 just watched Here comes the boom! :D good film now I go to bed! Bye ;)
@TrophyWife2Cent I just saw ur site thats pretty cool. :-) nice review of Here Comes The Boom btw ;-)
Now to watch Here Comes the Boom again but on the big screen :D
Here comes the boom is so funny. :)
Boom, here comes the boom, ready or not... Haha, here comes the boom is by far the funniest film this year :D
Just watched : "Here Comes The Boom" awesome movie ! :D
@hwinkler4real Mom took the family to see Here Comes The Boom last friday and we looooved it! such a great movie! thanks! :)
*ahem* But, Here Comes the Boom was actually really good! I mean, I came for a funny movie, but I'll buy it because of its story, really! :
"Here comes the Boom" was hilarious - I'm a little dumber now but couldn't help laughing - sorry but that's as funny as PG gets :)
RT @MRbrianrock: @hwinkler4real @KevinJames really enjoyed here comes the boom! "life without music,would be a mistake" #truth :)
@ChariceRomania @BoomMovie And, "Here Comes the Boom" will be out on DVD pretty soon. The perfect Christmas gift. Yay! :)
RT @Taylorhutch1219: Going to go see Here Comes The Boom with @KallaAlred Wednesday :P #CantComeSoonEnough
@Nadinewitty @teiteiforever @MissAlesig @Lamiesp @sabsam789 good went to see the new bond film skyfall last night amazing :-)
Skyfall was good! I dunno what you're talking about, @JennyTiramisu :P
I love how everyone in fandom has decided that the New! M is a total penny pincher. I love it :P JamesBond Skyfall
Finally home.. Skyfall was great! :)
RT @AlexisHolcomb: Skyfall was amazing!! Had a blast tonight thanks @Blondieatheart and Laine :)
Skyfall was amazing!! Had a blast tonight thanks @Blondieatheart and Laine :)
"Skyfall" is AMAZING.  Just saying.  Maybe a little slow staring up, but totally worth sticking around for :D #bringingbondback
skyfall was actually a good movie :)
@elielubendo NO KIDDING. I liked Skyfall a lot. :)
Skyfall was excellent. I thought the actors were just fantastic. If you haven't seen it yet, you should definitely see it :-)
Skyfall 007 was AMAZING! definitely worth the money to go see. Loved it :)
Skyfall 007 with James Bond was amazing! :-)
Skyfall was amazing!! Had a great time with the boyfriend :) #jamesbond #007
Just saw James Bond; skyfall. Great movie. :)
Skyfall was definitely worth it. Bond still had a couple martinis  the ending surprised me. Plus Rave seats are comfy :) #GoodBFFDateNight
Finally saw Skyfall today, a nice installment to the Daniel Craig's Bond series.. Can't wait for the next one :-)
Twilight, pitch perfect and skyfall! I wanna watch it all :D
I just watched James Bond's Skyfall :) It was cool.
Skyfall was awesome! :) such a great night
Having a good night. :) Skyfall was pretty cool. :D
I wanna go see Skyfall :(
skyfall was awesome! Shed a tear when M died though :(
Skyfall was great ... Now I've gotta get up early in the morning :(
Wanna see skyfall :( hey @yeezy_boii ! Let's go to the movies aha ;) #friendlydate
Skyfall was pretty good, she shouldn't of died though :( #Skyfall
Watched 'skyfall' it was a good movie! :)
I like choir's voice on Skyfall song. They fulfill the song, and also orchestra on it. :)
Skyfall was surprisingly entertaining :) @TonyAdigun can't believe you fell asleep for the second time! bare snoring Lool tut tut x
Breaking dawnn wass so great time to watch skyfall :)
@MemorialAddress Ooh Skyfall in IMAX. Have fun! :)
Seeing skyfall with mi padre! Supper excited :D
SkyFall is also a very good movie :)
@AM3009 oooh Skyfall was so good!! :D
RT @Twittter_Tout: HBD BRO! @DatKudiKid ...have a blast! :) ...have an awesome fun filled day... #SkyFall ..  :) ..
HBD BRO! @DatKudiKid ...have a blast! :) ...have an awesome fun filled day... #SkyFall ..  :) ..
@Graham_Lay good book? Very well here,just seen Skyfall,excellent film has to be said :)
@DreamRKirby Oooooh! Tell me about Skyfall! I wanna see it :P
Wrapping up this fantastic day with my family by going to see #Skyfall in #imax! :)
Bout to go see skyfall in the IMAX theaters :) #LetsGoooooo
@ginakripotos I wanna see skyfall still :(
Skyfall was sooooo good. Knackered now :(
Skyfall was absolutely amazing!!! But M's dead :(
can't believe i still haven't saw skyfall :(
I just want good quality like skyfall :(
RT @Iverson1311: I wanna watch Skyfall! :(
I still need to see Taken 2, Skyfall and Breaking Dawn :(
Dang it, THIS CLOSE to seeing #PitchPerfect :( lol oh well, I like 007 too.. #SkyFall
@Rana_AbiNader Omg! Skyfall means so much to me! I love it ! :( . I ♥ James Bond ....
#skyfall awesome movie. But m died :(
The twilight saga is my fav!!! #feelinggood :)
RT @AlyaNatashaaa: The Forgotten - Green day. Ost for Twilight Saga : Breaking Dawn Part II! I am so excited :D
The Forgotten - Green day. Ost for Twilight Saga : Breaking Dawn Part II! I am so excited :D
The Twilight Saga 4 - Breaking Down PART 1 ....... Isn't a bad movie :)
I would just like to thank everyone who had anything to do with The Twilight Saga from the books to the movies! beautiful ending :)
I love the fact that my boyfriend loves the twilight saga as much as I do and jumps during the movie with me haha  :) #lovehim
Uhh LOVE the twilight saga! Oh my god it was SO GOOD best thing EVER ill go watch it again! :D its that amazing! @dannyaax
Omg. Now that i'm caught up on The Twilight Saga, I can't wait to see Breaking Dawn Part 2. :D
Can't wait for The Twilight Saga Breaking Dawn Part 2 tomorrow wah !!!! But confirm a lot of people at cinema tomorrow :p
Epic Finale! i know now the twist in the ending part of the Twilight Saga. Jacob and Edward are the best couple. Yuck! Haha :D #gayness
Also, couldn't resist watching the final chapter of the Twilight Saga! Wow. Completely impressed :) definitely got better over time!
RT @WonderHazza: Watched Breaking Dawn part 2 online, and I cried my eyes out for the first time. It just sunk in that there's no more twilight saga :(
Watched Breaking Dawn part 2 online, and I cried my eyes out for the first time. It just sunk in that there's no more twilight saga :(
I feel like re-reading the twilight saga. #asifihavetime :(
Kinda sad the twilight saga is over :(
I'm going to miss the twilight saga!!! :( #Twilightforever
RT @_justise: I'm kinda sad the twilight saga is over :(
Just saw Breaking dawn part 2 ! It was so amazing I'm gong to miss the twilight saga. :-(
I'm kinda sad the twilight saga is over :(
RT @longlivekogan: So sad The Twilight Saga is finished :(
So sad The Twilight Saga is finished :(
After waiting 4 years, the twilight saga is finally finished. I feel like my adolescent years are coming to a close #sadday :(
Breaking Dawn Pt.2 Was Such A Good Movie! Rate : 10/10 I Love The Ending Of All The Memorys Aww To Bad The Saga Is Over :( Love #twilight
RT @FacingFearless: After all these years, the Twilight Saga is finally over with. Sad day :(
Unreallll movie! I'm so sad the twilight saga is over :( #Twilight #IWannaBeAVampire
its actually so sad the twilight saga is over, i just want to keep watching them and pretend its not over :(
I can't believe the twilight saga is over :(
Where is my Edward?!; just saw breaking dawn part 2, so sad the twilight saga has ended. :(
i feel like it hasn't hit me that the twilight saga is over.. no more opening night showings :( #sosad
After all these years, the Twilight Saga is finally over with. Sad day :(
It's sad that the twilight saga movies are over now though :(
I can't believe the Twilight Saga is over.. I'm actually gonna miss it :(
I'm sad the Twilight Saga is over :,(
Just watched the twilight saga come to an end I seriously want to bawl my eyes out :( #mylifeisover
I can still remember the first movie of the Twilight Saga.Paramore made Decode just for the movie. Ugh. I miss my fave American band. :(
Actually really sad the twilight saga has gone forever now :(
Find it really emotional that the whole twilight saga is over :( need more books please Stephanie #midnightsun
I can't believe that the twilight saga is over! :(
I wanna watch Breaking Dawn Pt. 2 almost had a tangi time! Loved it and I'm sad it's the end of the Twilight Saga :(
RT @familiang: The Twilight Saga Breaking Dawn Pt 2 :( I can't believe its over!!!!!!!
@_KrisJStewart loved the twilight saga films #gutted that its all over!!! Now what am I going to look forward to every year instead :(
Can't believe the whole twilight saga is over :( #gutted
@Twilight  THE BEST SAGA I HAVE EVER SEEN  :)
@TheStephenie You must continue the Twilight saga, please... PS: I love you :) you are one of my biggest inspirations
Smlm kami @shahrilaxlan tgk The Twilight Saga Breaking Dawn Part 2 mmg ohsome. Sooo sweet,soo suspen,so funny . Hahahaha :) kn b kn :)
Loved it. I guess I need to read the twilight saga again. Fully on fire again. :-) Good night friends. Sweet dreams
Well, I enjoyed Breaking Dawn Part 2. In fact, I can honestly say I enjoyed the whole Twilight Saga. I wanna be a vampire now :) #BigKid
It would be amazing if they make another movie to the Twilight saga to show us how they're doing now :) #randomthought
@_KrisJStewart Please follow me I love the Twilight saga and would love to be in Bella's place and also loved snow white and the huntsman :
@KristenStew__ Please followe me!!! I love the Twilight saga and would love to have been in Bella's place :D
RT @itsDaniHopkins: Breaking dawn part 2 was beautiful.The whole Twilight saga overall was beautiful.Had a great evening with @allonyoudarl
Breaking dawn part 2 was beautiful.The whole Twilight saga overall was beautiful.Had a great evening with @allonyoudarling  @jaseybabes2 :)
Breaking Dawn2 was a fab finish to the twilight saga now wat we got to look forward to :-)
RT @HeyItsJennyJ: today watching The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn. Part 2. IT'S PERFECT! I cried at the end.. It's so cute! I advise all to
Can't wait for the 16th to go see twilight saga breaking dawn part 2 :D
the twilight saga breaking dawn - part 2 was awesome :D
watching the twilight saga: breaking down part 2 and hearing the sound of thunder makes it more exciting #movie  #GazaUnderRain :p
@Twilight #BREAKINGDOWNPART2 is AMAZING! The twilight saga is one of the best sagas that I have seen in my life! I really love it! :)
Will miss Edward Cullen :( .. Thumbs up  for the twilight saga! I can now focus on my Christian Grey! Jeez! #fiftyshades #smokinhot
Still feel sad that the twilight saga is over, feels like its time to grow up now :( @Twilight
@Twilight i think its clear we need more books and films for the twilight saga saw the last installment today miss it already :(
RT @maddysonware: Really sad the twilight saga is over :(
RT @Jamsterwbu: I'm rather sad that that's the twilight saga over :(
RT @ArianasCatfish: I just can't believe the Twilight Saga ended  tomorrow iCarly :( Have to watch iGoodbye on Saturday cuy I go to school 
I'm rather sad that that's the twilight saga over :(
@Twilight the twilight saga is the best
Really sad the twilight saga is over :(
Im going to miss "The Twilight Saga" :(
I just can't believe the Twilight Saga ended  tomorrow iCarly :( Have to watch iGoodbye on Saturday cuy I go to school on Saturday.
It's sad the Twilight Saga is over though :( Now to wait for the Host next year omg yay!
I love the Twilight Saga.. So much that it makes me cry :(
But I don't want the twilight saga to end :( #waa33
RT @JajaJaapari: The twilight saga era has officially ended. I'm seriously sad. No joke :( This is not happening.
The twilight saga era has officially ended. I'm seriously sad. No joke :( This is not happening.
That's the end of twilight saga. :( Boohoo!
It's so sad to know that The Twilight Saga has come to an end on screen. :( I'll definitely miss the Volturi, the pack and the Cullens. :(
'Breaking Dawn: Part 2' is incredible! Cannot believe the Twilight Saga is finally over :( #EndOfAnEra
Why aren't I allowed to watch any movie from the twilight saga :(
When A Thousand Years starts to play and you realise Breaking Dawn Part 2 and also The Twilight Saga has finished... Tears... :(
The twilight saga is ova :-(
Saw twilight and im sad that the saga finally ended :( #twilight #taylor #edward #bella #film #trailer
RT "@AdindaOndrio: Sad that the twilight saga is officially over :( but way to end it right, haa I become twihard."
RT @FRAZIERSWAG: I can't believe the Twilight saga ended :(
Kinda sad that Harry Potter and Twilight Saga ended ( the movies) :( but can't wait for new movies based on book series to come out
RT @DoraHyperMe: I feel kind of empty now that the whole Twilight Saga is finished :( 2008-2012. 5 years, and now its done. 5 years of wait
I feel kind of empty now that the whole Twilight Saga is finished :( 2008-2012. 5 years, and now its done. 5 years of wait ended. #sigh
it been so long since i seen the full moon(not the twilight saga) .. kinda missing it :(
finaly watched Breaking Dawn with @yha_aullya ... wooww !!! is perfect ending, i don't believe The Twilight Saga is end :(
The sad thing is, Twilight Saga is over. I want more :(
Teared at the end of the movie because it's the end of the twilight saga. Awwww. :(
RT @Clevia_: RT @AdindaOndrio Sad that the twilight saga is officially over :( but way to end it right, haa I become twihard.
Wanna dream Breaking Dawn part 2 tonight! Omggg it was pretty awesome. I wish there would hv the nxt continue of Twilight Saga :(
RT @AdindaOndrio: Sad that the twilight saga is officially over :( but way to end it right, haa I become twihard.
RT @AdindaOndrio Sad that the twilight saga is officially over :( but way to end it right, haa I become twihard.
Sad that the twilight saga is officially over :( but way to end it right, haa I become twihard.
Wahhh!! Jealouss yee sapa dah tgk The Twilight Saga:Breaking Dawn Part 2! :(
Sad that the twilight saga is officially over :( but way to end it right ????
Finally home :). Jab tak hai jaan is a good movie :)
@nimi_kumar I hav watched Son of Sardaar. Its Amazing Comedy movie. :) Jab Tak Hai Jaan is also good.
Jab Tak Hai Jaan looks really nice. :)
Just Two words to "Jab Tak Hai Jaan" is amazing n awesome... :D
@Kusal_sanjeeva no worrrries :) thanks for the follow too. Not bad relaxing to jab tak hai jaan songs.. And u?
RT @nindyarini: Jab Tak Hai Jaan was great. Good bye Yash Ji. It's definitely a masterpiece. :)
RT @jenetri: Just Two words to "Jab Tak Hai Jaan" is amazing n awesome... :D
"Jab Tak Hai Jaan: The Poem" @iamsrk loving this Poem and listening to it again n again :D #romantic
Watched "Jab Tak Hai Jaan" this evening. #lovebollywood :D
Absolutely loved my afternoon/evening with @SaberaYasmin and our quality time! :D Jab Tak Hai Jaan @ the o2 followed by buffet at Jimmys YU
Jab tak hai jaan so is such a good movie :D Got emotional buh loving it :D You all must go see it!!
Time to watch Jab Tak Hai Jaan :) #brownlyfe
"@piyu009: Jab tak hai jaan third most romantic story after Ddlj veer zara :-)" for the 1st time i will say u r right :-)
@iamsrk Good night angel Hope you're doing well... Love you so much! SOOOOO excited to watch Jab Tak Hai Jaan :D I'll diiiie! :D mwaah
@manishaaak  LOL I'm ur FRESHIE! Haha! Ur followers are weirdos! Hahahahahahah! @AnushayU may god seriously bless you Jab Tak Hai Jaan! :D
@iamsrk saw jab tak hai jaan today ! Awesome movie ! Lovely dance b4 ishq shava song ! Wow dance SRk n Kat ! Anushka's part amazing :)
Had a great time watching "Jab Tak Hai Jaan" with @A_B_H_007  , Enjoy :) !
RT @DoniyaElisha: Jus watched jab tak hai Jaan it was amazing !! Aww such a cute romantic film :) x
I somehow tend to like 'Saans' from Jab Tak Hai Jaan. :)
Jab Tak Hai Jaan... Such a nice movie!! Loved it!! :)
Going to watch jab tak hai jaan tonight :D Buh gonna miss Pyaar ka dard :'( I'll just watch it online now coz got nuffin to do :D
Watched " jab tak hai jAan " overwhelmed with joy .....feeling short of words :) incredible job:)
@confundledhuman omg yesss! I love it :D I wanna watch jab tak hai jaan!
@iamsrk want to see Jab Tak Hai Jaan cant find a showing neer me :(
I want to watch Jab Tak Hai Jaan really badly! :(
I still haven't watched Jab Tak Hai Jaan :( I wanna cry lol
I SOOO badly have to see Jab Tak Hai Jaan .. My baby looks SOO beautiful in there :(
I want to watch Jab Tak Hai Jaan so badly..  :(
Really badly want to go watch Jab Tak Hai Jaan :(
Really wana watch twilight Jab Tak Hai Jaan paranormal activity and sinister :(
I wanna watch jab tak hai Jaan again :( @Shortiie333
RT @Aliiyyaaa: I actually cried when I watched jab tak hai jaan :(
I actually cried when I watched jab tak hai jaan :(
My aunties are going to watch Jab Tak Hai Jaan tonight, i really want to watch it! :(
No lie I want to watch Jab Tak Hai Jaan :(
jab tak hai jaan :( why can't i just see u already? #sadtweet
Everyones been to see Jab Tak Hai Jaan besides me. Wahhhhh :(
feeling really left out cause I still haven't watched jab tak hai jaan :(
Jab Tak Hai Jaan was actually a good movie ! That Yash Chopra thing at the end made me sad though :(
Never cried as much as this whike watchig a movie, jab tak hai jaan is so sad :( @SimrranDhingra love you my stingy asian hehe
Cannot wait to watch Jab Tak Hai Jaan tonight at the palisades. Yash Chopras last film :(
I need to see The Dark Knight Rises again. I am so confused. It was so good though. Anne Hathaway completely stole the show.
USER USER I wanna see batman on fridaay!! :(
USER It's like everyone watched Batman, except me :(
everyones bigging up the batman film, i wanna see it :(
I rreeeeaaaallllyyyy wanna see Batman :(
Just saw batman. Saddest ending ever :(
USER sod that I have enough Monday to Friday but I don't stop :-( btw how awesome was batman
:( batman getting rowdy making me sad.
USER can I come :( I want to See batman
I want to see batman again :(
USER we really weren't that keen on Spidey :( loved Avengers tho!
USER there awesome! i nee to see avengers too, im like soo behind :(
I felt that after the Avengers :( USER The sad moment when you return to your ordinary life after watching an awesome movie
The sad moment when u return to your ordinary life after watching an awesome movie...Thats me after watching THE AVENGERS. :(
will go to see the avengers again with my boyfriend in a summer cinema night ! soooo happy *Q* will be my 4th time then :D
USER USER Clearly The Avengers just overloaded Rosen's awesome sensors so badly that nothing else measures up now. :P
USER OMG i saw that on Sunday one of the best movies i've ever seen along with the dark knight and avengers! Love ya! xx :)
I can't wait to see The Avengers in Blu ray. :D #Excited
USER You and the Avengers are unstoppable, u guys are awsome, but shout ou to USER P.S. can i get a follow back :P
OMG BATMAN WAS AMAZING!!! Avengers is still my favorite but batman kicked ass! Loved it :D
USER it looks badass :D & a avengers folder (x & you did.? Cool hahah (: & I got 2 new pairs of shoes :3
Saw Avengers tonight for the third time and was finally told to stay until the credits ended... Hilarious scene!!! :) #awesomemovie
USER you were right, Batman was funking epic!! :)
Driving, Batman, London Musical. Today is a wicked day off :D
Enjoyed watchin Batman #withbabe .. Malaman ang story :) nice :)
USER Early starts are really not the one, but I'll allow it this time, as it's beach time! Yeahh yeahh! Then hopefully Batman later :D #per
USER will do I've heard it's awesome and trailers look fab. Not normally a Batman fan :)
Started the Batman Beyond series. :-D Forgot how good it was. :-)
USER YAY thats great :D the only thing that was missing was the batman outfit :P
USER It is the best Batman movie I have ever seen!! I want to go and see it again!! :D
USER Yes!! Batman was super awesome!! :D
@kenneeeeee I was too but watched argo again and it restored my faith in humanity :) now for the big lebowski.
@susanmdyer @karenshideler butting in: Argo is one of my favorite movies. Restored my faith in Ben as an actor :)
@BenAffleck loved u in argo...dont think anyone coulda played ur role better! Does this deserve a retweet? :)
The Oscar race has begun!! Argo was incredible :)
@lokar20 Seeing ARGO tonight. After Happy Hour. :)
@law_official seen skyfall, maybe argo, heard bad things about end of watch and I'd love to see silver linings :D
@copil Argo? You'll love it! I was in the movie when u called last night. Got ur msg real late.  :-( But it made me happy!  :-)
Masa head of creative msh liat argo @DianNWS.. :D
holy crap! Finally got to see #Argo. Such an incredible film! :)
Another hit from director Ben Affleck! :) truly enjoyed "Argo" #argo
@mrjamieellis Argo is only in Cinema at the mo, probably why it's not about. Looks good though, I want to see it! : )
@Nat_Jamieson Argo is really good! Was kept on the edge of my seat :)
Argo was such an awesome movie!! Ben Affleck is an amazing director!! :D
RT @THEKINGOFBLISS: @goldenglobes "ARGO"!! ARGO!! A...RGO!!!!!!!!! GO "ARGO"!! GO!!!!!!!! :) YES!! :) BEST MOTION PICTURE(DRAMA)OF 2012! :)
RT @THEKINGOFBLISS: @goldenglobes GO "ARGO"!! GO!! :) BEST MOTION PICTURE(DRAMA)of 2012!! :) YES!! :)
@wime09 i want to see it...never did make it to see Argo :(
@Steffilewlew @laurenwilden awww booooo to Super Dan :( Argo looks a good shout though :)
RT @x_MsBritBrat: I miss seeing Argo poms :(
I miss seeing Argo poms :(
The guy in Life of Pi looks so much like @SeAnI3BoI the accent, the hair. Good movie with nice 3D effects :p
Going to watch Life of Pi again. :D
YEAH I've got Life of Pi tickets! Awesome :) #NNLifeofPi @RT @IzzNisa: @NajwaDiana @effeyhamzah @idadothedew @NurIzrinda @SofeaRahim @KimSeyngFrh OMG today was the best! :D LIFE OF PI !!! hahaha. t
Reading Yann Martel's "Life of Pi" again. :)
RT @Mister_Lala: Life of Pi was a nice movie. :)
life of pi was an amazingg movie! always think of something good on katie date days :)
@LadyVenomWay Cool, I hear it's an avengers type of movie, lol you sure love your kiddy movies :) . Life of pi is amazing! watch it nao!
Who's coming cinema with me to watch life of pi? Looks so good! :-)
I really want to watch the life of pi in 3D...@2090Gracie cinema date soon plz? :)
RT @ROSSIRIKO: Who's coming cinema with me to watch life of pi? Looks so good! :-)
The life of pi looks really good :)
So excited about seeing this :)          Life of Pi: 'I felt like I was going insane'
@UnionJworld life of pi!!! It is such a great movie :)
Cannot WAIT for "Life of Pi" to come out :D ay ay ay prob won't be as good as the book but extremely excited nonetheless
The life of pi looks like a good film :)
RT @AmirMohseny: Can't wait to watch 'The life of Pi' :D
Can't wait to watch 'The life of Pi' :D
Really want to go see life of pi.  :)
@saranishaadams life of pi is my very fave I can't wait :) xx
Life of Pi looks amazing! Think I'll be getting tickets for that in 3D :-)
Life of Pi. Anyway, why Winnipeg? It was great memories at Winnipeg. We got almost $7000 from Winnipeg. Crazy ya @ducilmaniacs :)
The lullaby from life of pi is so soothing :)
Started reading the life of pi earlier, I'm only 100 pages in but it's amazing, so excited for the film to come out :D
RT @rajpablo: At The Life OF Pi Screening - amazing !!! :) I want a tiger !!
At The Life OF Pi Screening - amazing !!! :) I want a tiger !!
Watched Life of Pi. Spellbinding visuals. Richard Parker rocks! :)
Serouisly want to go cinema to see life of pi :( please someone come
RT @ChickenStreak: I think Life of Pi would have been better if Pi was stuck on a boat with some chicken nuggets instead of a bengal tiger 
I wanna watch Life of Pi badly. :(
hey @khafittaq :( RT dianarikasari: Life of Pi is just amazing it left me speechless.
It film yg ku tunggu2, :( "@kikiyyooo: Life of Pi.. that was a great movie, thanks for invite us Mr.Ron :)"
i want watch the life of pi!! :(
I wanna watch Life Of Pi. Someone teman me pls :(
Life of Pi !! I want to watch it again. :( Have fun spending time today with @officialadam97 and @minulr_ ... :D
RT @DHeloryna: Life of PI sad movie :(
Life of PI sad movie :(
I wanna watch Life of Pi :(
Watching "The Life of Pi" made me remember my Indian bestfriends, especially their unique and unforgettable accent :(
Ohman. Tired but wna watch Fighting Spiders... shall watch one ep then :) AND Life of Pi is good tho the tiger kept scaring me. :(
My father want to watch Life Of PI :(
I wanna watch Life Of PI :(
Me too! ???? RT @clstyles88: I want to see Life of Pi!!!!! :(
I want to see Life of Pi!!!!! :(
Went an watch the life of Pi it waZ gr8 but at de same time I cried :(
Thanks to @UnderTheCandy i want to see Life of Pi :(
Can not wait to watch life of pi looks so good but so sad :(
I wanna watch life of Pi :(
Only a few weeks late but...Skyfall with the beauts!!! :D #jamesbond
@Kevs_DaMann Skyfall :-) It was good
I've watched #Skyfall 6 times..and i wnna watch it again :-)
Finally went to see skyfall :)
Alrighty ppl, if u havnt seen #Skyfall, go see it! It's great :) Daniel Craig is fine as ever; not diggin' Javier Bardem's blond hair tho :
Just watched skyfall with my babe, now laying in bed feeeeling our bubba kick in my stomach, perfectt :)
four day weekend has started! skyfall was amazing, Christmas shopping tomorrow with @Rosconcfc7 :) happy girlie :)
@aimeecorlett you enjoyed skyfall then :) x
@ronanofficial Skyfall sounds an amazing film. Glad you enjoyed it :)
So Skyfall was pretty good ... :D
Had such a lovely evening with jodie watching skyfall :)
@Ayres_Hotels Skyfall is definitely on my list! :)
@_RachelLong_ your skyfall was amazing! So happy you hit that top note :)
James Bond skyfall is amazing :D
Enjoyed #Skyfall once more at the cinema tonight and still think final scene is the best. Screening to myself was nice :) #007 #jamesbond
Skyfall was a good choice movie to
Skyfall was awesome!!! Thanks to Trudy for the movie - great way to spend an eve :-)
Still haven't seen Skyfall.... I reeeeaaaally want to watch it! :(
I still need to watch Breaking dawn 2 , skyfall :( than when Les mid comes out and the hobbit ! Omg #movieaddict
Wanna go see SkyFall again :(
I just want to go watch the Skyfall movie tonight! I doubt I'll even have time tho :(
Lord, I must watch skyfall before Friday oo :(
@Niall23Lehmann why won't mine work?! I've wanted to watch skyfall forever is driving me crazy now unfair :( x
The Skyfall intro is awesome.. And then Adele started to sing :( why spoil it mun!
Let the #Skyfall music makes me sad :( #Adele
Really want to watch skyfall right now! :( #DanielCraigIsHot ????
RT @vishrutvs: i wanna watch skyfall and life of pi in bluray :(
wanna go watch skyfall tonight :(
i wanna watch skyfall and life of pi in bluray :(
@smilerforever33 thats hard. I have many. I love the Twilight Saga tho :)
Hello :) follow me and share together the best of the Twilight Saga♣
@LucyFrampton i watch the part on 29 th nov. and 3th dec in tge cinema and now i watch part one i love the twilight saga all movies :-)
I love the twilight saga :) I love all the 5 movies :)
The last part of Twilight Saga is wonderful! I recommend :-)
I love your character in the Twilight saga I love your charisma have a beautiful smile :)
Breaking Dawn Part One is the first of The Twilight Saga to get my approval! I won't lie, I'm impressed :D :)
@Dana_CFF Yeah, Twilight Saga Is Awesome. I Want To See The Movie. :)
@everdeenswiftly Kk sounds good just ordered all the twilight saga on bluray :)
Breaking Dawn 2 was awesome! Such a perfect ending to the twilight saga. The last flashback scenes gave me goosebumps :)
The last movie from the twilight saga was the best! :D @kikahP
@lil_shogun A million times :) It's better than the twilight saga. So excited for the movie yeeeeee :D
@fansoftwilight follow me plz! I'm a super fan of the twilight saga :)
You know, I'm sad the twilight saga is over :(
The Twilight saga ...I miss it :-(
Gonna miss Twilight :( I wish Stephanie would write more of the saga
I really miss @Twilight saga :( this is the most beautiful movies ever and my fav!
At the risk of being "that" girl (not to mention making @paul3norris and @bvaage hate me) I wish the twilight saga wasn't over. :(
I just noticed that the twilight saga is over :( what am I going to so with my life now? :( come back Taylor lautner :( . I will miss it .
I want to buy the twilight saga breaking dawn part 12 soundtrack album so bad :(
That awkward moment when I cried because the twilight saga ended :(
The Twilight Saga is over. What a sad day :( but it was amazing!
I MISS THE TWILIGHT SAGA :(
My heart actually hurts when I remember that the twilight saga is over :(
RT @MarieAFrnndz: The Twilight Saga is over :( I'm so sad, I'll miss it tho.
@KristenResource You are very good at acting! I'll give you my compliments! I only regret that the Twilight saga is over! : (
@RealBoobooFivel are you sad the Twilight Saga ended? :( i am!!!! Xxx
Then... After buying the breaking dawn p.2 ... I'll have the twilight saga marathon then cry :") :(
I'm in denial that The Twilight Saga is over. :(
So upset that The Twilight Saga has finished. :( :( :(
The Twilight Saga is over :( I'm so sad, I'll miss it tho.
RT @momilkkk: i'm seriously so sad that the twilight saga is over :(
i'm seriously so sad that the twilight saga is over :(
Always when i hear "thousand years" the song reminds  that the twilight saga is end :(
I wish the twilight saga was real life :(
"@syazlynordin: #nw the making of Twilight Saga Breaking Dawn part 2" Stop lah syazly, jealous tau you dah tengok 2 kali :(
#Twihards I am totally a twihard mom! Looove the Twilight Saga- so sad it's over :(
just seen the last @Twilight saga, absolutely loved it! not as expected but brilliant ending. can't believe it's all over :(
Part 2 was amazing!!!!! We don't want the Twilight Saga to be over :( @Des_Chatzidakis
honestly i feel so sad because the twilight saga is already over, nomore edwardand bella romance scene :(
Am I the only one who will feel sad coz the twilight saga is end. No more twilight. :(
i just can't believe the twilight saga really ended :(
Watching the making Breaking Dawn Part2...... :( they're showing clips of twilight saga... :( emotional :( I want to cry... :(
I wish twilight saga will show up again at the movies :(
RT @Mackin_Hangin_: Kinda sad the Twilight saga is over tho :(
Kinda sad the Twilight saga is over tho :(
Wreck it ralph is tooo sick! :D
Just finished watching Wreck it Ralph! Such a cute movie and hearing @owlcity at the end made it even better! :)
dipped out of work two hours early to go see Wreck It Ralph with my babes :) #socute
@Kelness really!? and I will definitely have to see Wreck It Ralph, it does look funny! :)
just saw Wreck It Ralph. SUCH a good movie! :) and Jane Lynch was AWESOME! xD
@HeloiseSD I saw wreck it ralph. it was really good and I think you would like it :)
@kaleygohrmann :) good luck on geo
Wreck it Ralph was really good. #loveit :)
Okay I wanna see wreck it Ralph because Sarah Silvermans character looks sooo awesome. Dont Judge me :P
@william_wong_ went to ou and watched wreck it Ralph :P
Wreck it ralph isnt bad afterall :)
Wreck-It Ralph, super CUTE. Goodnight :)
Wreck it ralph isnt bad afterall :)
@LorraineStanick #disney store! Brave princess, rapunzel princess, and the little girl character from the movie wreck it Ralph :)
Can't wait to go see Wreck It Ralph Saturday! :D
Wreck It Ralph was really nice to watch. Add on the fact that I watched it in 3D is just awesome :D a really nice animation.
That was one nice movie. WRECK IT RALPH. I highly recommend. :-) Im young!
Wreck-It Ralph is something to be watch cos its that awesome!!! :D
On a cartoon movies spree recently; watched Wreck It Ralph today: pretty good! Next: Hotel Transylvania! @darrellzhang game? :D
@MandieBaxter I think so :) We're going to watch Wreck-It Ralph too. Should be a fun night.
i wanna watch Wreck It Ralph again :(
Can't believe I still haven't watched Wreck It Ralph! :(
Daaaaaaaaaaaamn :( RT @OmarGoosh Watched Wreck-It Ralph , definitely one of the best disney's movie ever :)
I want to watch Wreck It Ralph :(
watched WRECK-IT RALPH just now...make me cry :( #Touched
I wanna watch wreck it ralph :(
@JiaReii uhhh, rise of the guardians? But I wna watch wreck it ralph againn :(
I fell in love with a huge talking Wreck-It-Ralph plush today. :( I wish I could have taken him home.
I REALLY Want This Wreck It Ralph  Shirt!  :(
"@CeciRenteriaaa: @yo_gabi_gabi @t_strak I wish I could see wreck it Ralph with you guys :(" me toooo :(
I want to watch Rise of The Guardian and Wreck-it Ralph... :(
I want to watch Wreck-It-Ralph so bad :(
Me too :( Best tak? RT@astryamami: i wanna watch WRECK IT RALPH!!!"
I wanna see Wreck It Ralph :(
"Jab tak hai jaan" ah, finally.. i know, very late.. whattay movie.. loved it totally! :D
Me happy face :D Love this song!! Jab tak hai jaan #np ♡♡
@KatrinaKaif_  Hey Heyyy! :D a huge Pakistani fan of yours, currently studying in Manchester. Really loved your work in Jab tak hai Jaan!
Thx so much :) btw, who are you? RT @siki_says: @Judepipa jab tak hai jaan :)
RT @sheiknaaz: Jab tak hai Jaan :) RT @Iamkhdejah: @iamsrk  love you to the last breath ... I can take breath because you in my life ...
Jab tak hai Jaan :) RT @Iamkhdejah: @iamsrk  love you to the last breath ... I can take breath because you in my life ...
RT @Juneloveshahid: @kashish__ ohh hindi movie would be jab tak hai jaan, u must watch that. Is really beautiful movie :)
@kashish__ ohh hindi movie would be jab tak hai jaan, u must watch that. Is really beautiful movie :)
listening to jab tak hai jaan chirpy songs... makes me happy :)
listening Jab Tak Hai Jaan songs every morning and i never get enough :) @iamsrk
Loving the songs of jab tak hai jaan put me in a good mood :)
@SitaOrMargarita Arrey I put myself through Jab tak hai jaan, spare me please! Also, duniya bekaar bina Son of Sardaar B-) :P
RT @iam_kirann: Laughter  Love are pricelss gifts, So live with passion - laugh  love Jab Tak Hai Jaan :D
Laughter  Love are pricelss gifts, So live with passion - laugh  love Jab Tak Hai Jaan :D
Falling in love wid this song "ishq Shava" from jab tak hai Jaan ... Katrina's dance is fab :)
Can't wait to finally watch @iamsrk 's  Jab Tak Hai Jaan with @Marwa_CR7!!!! :)
@PCsDarrrling But I really want SRK to win for Jab Tak Hai jaan.. He was fabulous in the movie... Also, I loved Vidya in Kahaani :)
#OneOfMyFavoriteMovies Jab Tak Hai Jaan how can i forget love it :P
And all of a sudden the "Jiya Re" song from Jab Tak Hai Jaan seems so much more appealing :D
RT @harjitwashere: Hey @PanktiBarbie, remember when you got teary-eyed when Shah Rukh Khan almost died in Jab Tak Hai Jaan? So so cute. You
Hey @PanktiBarbie, remember when you got teary-eyed when Shah Rukh Khan almost died in Jab Tak Hai Jaan? So so cute. You a gangsta doe. :)
I WANNA GO SEE JAB TAK HAI JAAN AGAIN :(
“@SaRouNxp: Back from the AMAZING AMAZING indian film "JAB TAK HAI JAAN" Wow really wow  love it So much ♥.♥;*”La t7reni abii ashof
jab tak hai jaan just made me cry damn this movie is really touching :(
@Rankataholic @ima1981 @DodoForSRK I feel So sad ima... If I'm U, I would delte my twitter acc and Cry very loudly Jab Tak Hai Jaan :(
RT @jeevitha2: Jab Tak Hai Jaan...wowwwsers!! I am lost for words...such an amazing movie! Really gonna miss looking forward to Yash Chopra
Jab Tak Hai Jaan...wowwwsers!! I am lost for words...such an amazing movie! Really gonna miss looking forward to Yash Chopra's creations :(
Saw Here Comes The Boom today. It was so funny. Would defiantly see it again. :-)
@jb_is_a_legend hahahaha ok if you say sooo ;D good song :D i listen to nelly here comes the boom :D
@celine_wehbe I watched here comes the boom , it's cool bass shway boring  fi boxing w hek :p
Just finished watching here comes the boom, preeeeee good :-) haha
done watching here comes the boom!! :D *awesome* *funny* *kick ass* movie!!! @Officialcharice
RT @Paige2097: @hwinkler4real Just saw Here Comes The Boom here in Australia! It was awesome and so are you! :)
@hwinkler4real Just saw Here Comes The Boom here in Australia! It was awesome and so are you! :)
Mcm best je 'here comes the boom' movie :D me wanna watch it :3
Plz tell me ur kidding lol RT @PoohBearoness: @Mr_nate_lewis "Here Comes The Boom" was the first UFC fight I've ever watched!! :)
@Farmslice1 @Mr_nate_lewis "Here Comes The Boom" was the first UFC fight I've ever watched!! :)
@hwinkler4real can you please follow me? I loved your movie here comes the boom :)
@jezziemc942 @Twangel_Erre Yes it should be fun :) I went to see Here Comes the Boom this week :) A really funny movie :)
Here comes the Boom! and Pitch Perfect this coming week! :-)
Here comes the boom isn't bad :)
"Here Comes the Boom"....amazing! :-) @KevinJames
@hwinkler4real Hey I saw here comes the boom I loved ur character, he was hilarious :) and the best
@hwinkler4real Hey I saw here comes the boom, now I have to go back and watch all the happy days :)
I love "here comes the boom" :-) #funnight
RT @NoaToton: @hermannjason99 I cannot for the life of me get "here comes the boom" out of my head :) #herecomestheboom #bestfriends #movie
I wanna watch Here Comes the Boom :)
Just came from "here comes the Boom", good and funny movie, @BasRuttenMMA awesome! Salma Hayek very sexy. Good voice Bas :)
#In2013YouBetterNot miss watching Mortal Instrument and Here Comes the Boom! :)
@tbperth one of the Bandits has/had "here comes the boom" (POD) which I thought was cool. Otherwise Mr Boombastic by Shaggy :)
Here Comes the Boom was great! Loved the cameos and the fight scenes! Definitely worth watching :)
58 days till Here Comes The Boom comes out. I don't want to wait that freakin long! :(
wreck it ralph is an awesome movie . disney movies never disappoint . :)
Wreck-It-Ralph/Rise of The Guardian.. Kedua-dua cite ni best.. :)
Haha love Wreck It Ralph! :D
Wreck It Ralph was good! You guys should watch it. A great movie to watch :D
Done watching Wreck It Ralph, best gilaaa!! :D
wreck it ralph seems like such a cute movie :)
Watched The Hobbit and Wreck-It-Ralph with ZeeeeChyng :D I wanna watch Hobbit part two T-T
@NajlaCheniouni Ikr. Wreck -it Ralph is also quite nice, although the story isn't thatttt amazing (In my opinion). :)
I so wanna watch Wreck-It Ralph again! Who else thinks the movie is worth watching more than once in the theatre? :D
Wreck-it Ralph is damn nice can :D
I'm pulling for 'Brave', 'Rise of the Guardians', or 'Wreck-It Ralph'. All three were amazing! :) Golden Globes are Sunday, January 13!
@pocky_hontas  but wreck-it ralph was awesome!! actually enjoyed it aha ! :)
Someone thinks shes cute like Venalloppe(however you spell it) from Wreck it Ralph :P
Finished watching "Wreck it Ralph" online. Naw cute movie that is! :-)
@janemarielynch IT'S MAKING YOUR MOMMAH PROUD TIME!!!!!!! Wreck it Ralph is AMAZING! ure voice is so flawless :D
Wreck-It Ralph was awesome :D whoever wrote the storyline is just awesome.
Wreck it Ralph, Twilight, Rise of the Guardian, Life of Pi.. movie marathon owh ni bulan.. i love it :D next HOBBIT!!
Done watching Wreck it Ralph. Quite awesome :D
Wreck It Ralph...possibly my new favorite movie of all time and the cutest, funniest movie anyone could ever watch! :)
Tonight was great. Played some arcade games, got some Chipotle and my best friend surprised me by taking me to see Wreck It Ralph!! :)
had a really good night, wreck it ralph was actually better than expected!! :) #thankful #hopeful #onedayatatime
Also Wreck It Ralph is even better the second time :D
RT @ashpba: "i cried to wreck it ralph" "omg you can cry?" wtf @mellypurrrtado :(
"i cried to wreck it ralph" "omg you can cry?" wtf @mellypurrrtado :(
RT @BreeOurGuest: I'm so jealous of Morgan. She's watching Wreck it Ralph right now. :(
I'm so jealous of Morgan. She's watching Wreck it Ralph right now. :(
@hajja_n @hoodlington Just watched Argo, too good :)
Argo is a great movie. Even knowing the story before hand it was great suspense and story telling .. well worth the quatloos :)
for the first time, I'm really satisfied with the Golden Globes nominations :) go Argo!
ARGO!!! :) RT @YahooMovies: Best Picture, Drama: “Argo," “Django Unchained," “Life of Pi," "Lincoln," "Zero Dark Thirty” #GoldenGlo
Just saw Argo for the second time. Still good :)
watchin here comes the boom! awesome movie love Kevin James  @Gary_Valentine stuff made me laugh good work guys! #time 2 watch it again :-)
All you want is to love him... Jab Tak Hai Jaan! :)
RT @AimanAmin98: @listen2y dah tngk. Better u watch life of pi 3d :)
@listen2y dah tngk. Better u watch life of pi 3d :)
Randomly dreaming about Life of Pi. Reeeealllly can't wait to see it again in 3D and this time more lit :p lol #funtimes
'Life of Pi' gets nominated for the Golden Globe Awards for Best film, Best director and Best original score!Not surprisingly so :)
@ThatOnePersona_ life of Pi. and ahh thank you :) i want to get better by tomorrow ):
Life of Pi ... It was an outstanding movie that filled with a lot of implicit messages which are outstanding too.... :)
Life of Pi got nominated for best picture :) day made
Life of pi.. Meaningful film.. :)
Mychael Danna "Life of Pi" is nominated for best Original Score in #GoldenGlobes :D
I haven't read the book 'Life of PI' but really excited for the movie! In 3D as well :D #zalifeofpi #montecasino #numetro #premiere
Life Of Pi such a great movie! Thumbs up :)
@wwwbigbaldhead haha lets go see Life of PI right now, looks good! :)
Watched Life of Pi with @ainaadelaila tadi. It was such a beautiful movie. The special effects la. Did justice to the book :D
RT @pillowrage: Life of Pi was good :) especially after CTs, with tr23 mates :)
RT @indrianisaputra: Just watched Life of Pi.. Very recommended lohhh :)
@Hugiii @stefanu17 RT @indrianisaputra: Just watched Life of Pi.. Very recommended lohhh :)
RT @Qairiel: Life Of PI was awesome :-)
Just watched Life of Pi.. Very recommended lohhh :)
Life Of PI was awesome :-)
Life of Pi was good :) especially after CTs, with tr23 mates :)
Bagus dek! Recommended deh :) RT @shassmulya: Bagus y ka? RT @Geovani_MS: LIFE OF PI: full of lessons for life.
@waniardy u should go watch Life of Pi 3D while its still on. Sumpah xrugi. Its so fascinating. :)
RT @Vikramwalke: @iamsurajsharma Hi Suraj, you were brilliant in Life of Pi saw it a week ago and still can't get over it, will go again! A
RT @i_amirtoufiq10: @iamsurajsharma Liked life of pi a lot. Your performance was fantastic :)
"Life Of Pi" The most amazing movie I've ever watched in my life till now :)
Watched The Hobbit and Life Of Pi today.... Both very very very very VERY good movies.... :D
@harsha916 That too...but I was very excited about Django...and I loveddddd Life of Pi. :)
Life of Pi ... Awsome movie,A treat to eyes.. :)
RT @shreyaannam: Yay!!! Life of Pi  Django Unchained nominated!!! :D #BestPicture #GoldenGlobes
Yay!!! Life of Pi  Django Unchained nominated!!! :D #BestPicture #GoldenGlobes
@iamsurajsharma Hi Suraj, you were brilliant in Life of Pi saw it a week ago and still can't get over it, will go again! All the best bro :
Life of PI  So meaningful :) I love the tiger and PI :D
@iamsurajsharma Liked life of pi a lot. Your performance was fantastic :)
@_DarDar I'm gonna ahve to watch Life of Pi aint i :(
Life of Pi up for Golden Globe :( I'll just wait for the dvd
@mavsterr we were on our way to see Life of Pi sorry love :(
Life Of Pi is a good show to watch... So Touching :( I learned some new things on the show...
Was looking forward to life of pi screening tonight @numetro :( :( bummer
Really wanna go cinema and watch life of pi ! Looks so gd :(
Okay tak ajak :( " @asyrafofficial: going to watch life of Pi tonight. quite excited to be honest looks amazing! :D "
:( RT @PersianPastry: Gay RT @redfromva: just saw "Life of Pi" ... all i can say is WOW
RT @SarahONeall: Somebody come see playing for keeps with me this weekend. I wanna see it :)
Somebody come see playing for keeps with me this weekend. I wanna see it :)
" Playing For Keeps " was a good movie : )
going to dinner with a good friend then to the movies to see Playing for Keeps :)
Awwww, Playing For Keeps Is Such A Good Movie :)
Out for dinner and then to see Playing for Keeps! It's a good way to start my Christmas Break :)
I forgot to say yesterday, Playing for Keeps is a really good movie. I recommend it :)
@Katerina_Hx Playing for Keeps...girly romcom :)
I want to see playing for keeps again it was soooo cute :)
RT @KAYforKARIN: playing for keeps was a cute movie :) #sisterdate #fhe
playing for keeps was a cute movie :) #sisterdate #fhe
I want to see "playing for keeps" ! :(
'Playing for keeps' is not the great movie I thought it'd be :( #wastedmoney
I wanna go see playing for keeps! :(
I cried while watching playing for keeps, it's so sad :(
i really wanna watch playing for keeps. :(
Nice - both Brave and Rise of the Guardians nominated for Golden Globes. At we got some genre stuff in there :)
@JahmeneDouglas The Rise of the Guardians looks awesome, it has Santa and the Easter Bunny - what more could you want? :D x
Watched Rise of the Guardians 3D tonight. :D I love it! I wanna watch again! Its a Christmas feel good movie, just what I needed. :D
Cant wait to see Rise of the Guardians again!!! @RuthOGrady you know how to cheer me up :)
rise of the guardians and pitch perfect made my night. #goodnight. :D
Rise of the guardians - hilarious and cute show. Laughed off the chair :)
Just watched 'The Rise Of The Guardians'. Awesome movie! It made me miss being a kid even more. I'd love to see it again. :)
rise of the guardians :D wait for me :D
@shhainess Lunch at High Street tapos Rurouni Kenshin saka Rise of the Guardians tayo! :D
I wish Rise of the Guardians has a sequel like Harry Potter :) it will be a legend... wait for it... dary cartoon sequel ever!
Need to see Rise of the Guardians soon! Christmas films :D
Watched Rise of the Guardians with my sibs :D it was a good movie, though I wouldn't listen to the moon if he so ever speaks to me :)))
Films I wanna see: the hobbit, beautiful creatures, rise of the guardians, the impossibles. :)
RT @esteessy: Rise of the guardians is soooo good :) i dont understand how it can be losing money o.O anyone who hasnt watch it should :)
Told ya that Rise Of The Guardians was a great movie......soooooo cute :D
Is Rise of the Guardians still showing in the Philippines? I wanna watch again. :)
I wish I can met the tooth Fairy and the Santa claus :D also the Jack Frost ♥ Rise of the guardians ♥
@JahmeneDouglas the animation film rise of the guardians looks good :)
The movie Rise of the Guardians was great! :) #jackfrost
Rise of the guardians is soooo good :) i dont understand how it can be losing money o.O anyone who hasnt watch it should :)
Rise of the Guardians... done! enjoy au much ang movie.. :)
RT @Jhaaaap: I really want to watch Rise Of The Guardians :(
I really want to watch Rise Of The Guardians :(
I want to watch Rise of the Guardians. I was supposed to watch it today :(
i vant to watch Rise Of The Guardians ! pwease :(
Wht show should I watch on Saturday I wanna watch breaking dawn but also rise of the guardians :( #breakoutartist #onedirection
Rise of the Guardians was actually really good! Shame we had to leave early :(
Sana showing pa Rise of the Guardians. :( I badly want to watch it! T_T
Watching Rise of The Guardians with @7alaMoni @eraofmoon .. Will miss this too much :( #Byebyeforamonth
I badly want to watch Rise of the Guardians. :(
I really wanna go see rise of the guardians :(
I want to watch rise of the guardians :(
Heard so many good reviews for Rise of the Guardians and Rurouni Kenshin movie. I need free time! :(
I wanna watch rise of the guardians :(
RT @THEvincefloro: I really really really really wanna watch Rise of the Guardians :-(
I really really really really wanna watch Rise of the Guardians :-(
@RPofficial I love you! You are amazing! :)  My name is Manuela and i love the Twilight Saga and you!
Watching Twilight Saga trilogy again. For the 10000000th time hahahaha :)
Alright, anyone wanna buy me the whole Twilight saga for Christmas? That would be nice :)
Watched Breaking Dawn Part 2 last night. It was AWESOME but not the best one :P #twilight#saga#breaking#dawn#part2
loved the last twilight but its sad to say goodbye to great saga :) #twilight
The Twilight Saga Breaking Dawn part 2 is more famous :) nice movie
@TaylorLautner__ I´ve got to tell, I simply loved the hole twilight saga. And you´re a great actor. :)
Leggo watch! :) the twilight saga, breaking dawn part 2 :)
the twilight saga BREAKING DAWN PART 2  :)
@TaylorLautner__  congratulations Tay, the movie is very good! I love the Twilight Saga. Greetings from Argentina :)
@TaylorLautner__ congratulations Tay, the movie is very good! I love the Twilight Saga. Greetings from Argentina :)
@TaylorLautner__ It's amazing!!! I love the Twilight saga and I love you!!! :)
I cannot believe the twilight saga is finished! It has actually made me really sad :(
@TaylorLautner__  Hi! Unfortunately, this is the end of the Twilight saga.We'll miss Bella,Edward and Jacob... :-(
@jenn_wang I love Europe gets everything before you guys :) aka skyfall
@FiredancerKeira maybe :D but I start to think that it's just such hour now when I'm sleepy xDD waaaaa Skyfall on the radio xDD
@skyfall_ranger very cool! Thanks for the info.  I'll be taking a look around later today. :D
RT @Crisbelyarianna: You are nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Skyfall! :D @OfficialAdele
You are nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Skyfall! :D @OfficialAdele
@_natashat Skyfall has been in my head all day :P
@OfficialAdele congrats on the Golden Globe nomination for #Skyfall :) love you
Saw skyfall today pretty good film :)
Short listed for Oscar and nominated for Golden Globe. Skyfall has already won in our hearts :D
Finally watched Skyfall last night. What an amazing film :) #DanielCraigyoubeauty #filmgeek
RT @DimsdeMerteuil: Also I really feel Adele might be getting an Oscar besides a baby this year :) super excited #Skyfall
Also I really feel Adele might be getting an Oscar besides a baby this year :) super excited #Skyfall
Alas! I have waited for this very moment. Skyfall. :)
@_Gemma325 Haha what a great luck for the cinema :P Wow it's amazing, it was Skyfall that had longest queue in here XD and also BD!
@WildangelWild thank you and a good day too :)
@nazanin_morgan yes,her voice is amazing..I love skyfall :)
@gnoelnahc @tohxuewen oh I rmb that's from skyfall! I almost got a heart attack while being half-asleep man... Don't do that again :(
Really wanted to watch skyfall :(
RT @fuckyes_Sara: I've been wanting to go watch Skyfall :(
I've been wanting to go watch Skyfall :(
Watching the avengers always makes me giddy, love me some superheros :) #teamironman
Happy to hear our Avengers cupcakes were a big hit :)
RT @Emilianito_: #PeliculasFavoritas Iron Man, Iron Man 2, Thor, Capitan America, Hulk, y The Avengers! :D
Avengers is a dope movie :D
@headphonaught @johnnylaird @aberry I've seen many films twice, even at the cinema, most recently Avengers :)
@_LukeBrooksSlut  I finished off watching Avengers when I got home coz it was like really intreseting nd yeah she's a really good actress :
@joshthev1 That's so cool!! :D I have one of those Avengers VS X-Men comics :D
RT @eRiVaNs: @EsmasCine The dark knight rises, the amazing Spider-Man, cloud atlas, paranorman, the avengers, the impossible, and so on :D
@EsmasCine The dark knight rises, the amazing Spider-Man, cloud atlas, paranorman, the avengers, the impossible, and so on :D
I wanna watch "The Avengers" again! I still like Spiderman best! :)
Screw it! I'll watch Avengers AGAIN! :D
I want to watch avengers! it was the best movie ever :)
@TheDazeel If its movie I like. I'll go many times. I saw avengers about 3/4 times :P
@JedediahBila I mentioned captain america. :-)  The Avengers was my fav movie
@LGrima The Avengers / Skyfall  are the only one that comes to mind - and those are a few weeks not months so i dont mind too much :p
im so jealous of the english class that gets to watch the avengers :(
@LueRush @Mr_Xclusive_ you guys are cool .. Wish I could watch avengers on my iPhone :(
Seeing Wreck it Ralph!!! What a perfect end to a wonderful date night :)
Just got back from seeing Wreck-it-Ralph with Bolts. I really liked it :D
Booking done!! :) Wreck it Ralph 2.20pm @OU :)
movie date, as usuall. Wreck it Ralph :) #wuvvmyboyfriend
Just saw Wreck It Ralph It was kinda sad but I still loved it ! :-)
@_Scherry let's go movies :) we can watch wreck it Ralph again if you want
I have watched wreck it Ralph so many times :p #babybrothersfavmovie
@inkgorilla @jaymgates Oh yeah! I think I saw a preview for that before Wreck-It Ralph. It looks fun and smart--a good combination :)
@Melskeezy3 ummmmm it really depends on which one lmao like, lion king and wreck it ralph were just as awesome :D
Wreck it Ralph was an amazing movie!!! That little girl was adorable :)
Watching wreck it ralph with my siblings :) im excited
'Wreck it Ralph' what a good movie :) so #cute ????
Watched two movies for the price of one. Life of Pi  Wreck It Ralph was both good :)
@karinalaq yeah! Really really liked it :) I watched wreck it Ralph today! It was goooood :)
I love the character of Wreck it Ralph :) #YourMyHero #Vanellope #WreckItRalph